=pod

=head1 NAME

Plack::App::OpenVPN::Status - Plack application to display the sessions of OpenVPN server

=head1 VERSION

version 0.16

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Plack::Builder;
    use Plack::App::File;
    use Plack::App::OpenVPN::Status;

    builder {
        mount '/static' => Plack::App::File->new(root => "/path/to/static");
        mount '/' =>
            Plack::App::OpenVPN::Status->new(
                status_from => "/path/to/openvpn/status.log"
            );
    };

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Plack::App::OpenVPN::Status> is an application to display active sessions of the OpenVPN server.

It parse OpenVPN status log and display active sessions. Supported all three versions of the status log. Check the OpenVPN server documentation how to set up version. Howewer, there is no needs (and no ability, at the moment) to point version of status log. Application detect it authomatically. Also status log version will be diplayed on the generated web page.

I<Twitter Bootstrap> layout is used to diplay active OpenVPN sessions.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new([%options])

Creates a new application. The following options are supported:

=over 4

=item B<status_from>

Path to OpenVPN server status log file. This option is B<required>. At the moment, the application can able to read versions 1, 2, 3 of the status log file.

=item B<custom_view>

Coderef used as a view to display sessions. This must be a valid Text::MicroTemplate's template. The hashref of params is passed to the view as first argument. So you can use it like this:

    % my $vars = $_[0];

Now B<$vars> contains the structure like this:

    $vars = {
        'updated' => 'Wed Dec  5 21:25:58 2012',
        'version' => '2',
        'users'   => [
            {
                'common-name' => 'cadvecisvo',
                'remote-ip'   => '1.2.3.4',
                'remote-port' => '4944',
                'rx-bytes'    => '1.21 Mio',
                'tx-bytes'    => '503.1 Kio',
                'connected'   => 'Wed Dec  5 21:16:58 2012',
                'virtual'     => '00:ff:de:ad:be:ef',
                'last-ref'    => 'Wed Dec  5 21:25:55 2012',
            }
        ]
    }

=back

=head2 default_view

This is the default view to display sessions. It uses Twitter Bootstrap layout.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Plack>

L<Text::MicroTemplate>

L<OpenVPN Manual|http://openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/documentation/manuals.html>

L<Twitter Bootstrap|https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap>

=head1 AUTHOR

Anton Gerasimov <chim@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Anton Gerasimov.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

